1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
    I chose to use pandas and collections.deque. I used pandas because of how helpful it is for dealing with csv's; specifically, 
    converting csvs to pandas DataFrames. This made it pretty easy for me to sort by time and put the transactions in a queue.
    the deque supports constant time operations, specifically popleft. If I woudl've used a normal python list and had it act
    as a queue, the pop(0) operation would not be constant time. I decided on Python because that is the language I like the best,
    especially for dealing with data due to packages like pandas. 

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
    I feel as though my solution isn't quite as safe as it could be. If someone were to put a csv that isn't structured how
    the program expects, there would be some issues. My function that checks the csv just checks that the filename is indeed a csv
    but doesn't look at the contents at all. I believe that pandas makes my code a lot more readable and the use of collections.deque
    guarentees me a queue with O(1) operations. In another language, I'm not quite sure how I would sort by the time, it would
    certainly take me a lot more lines of code than "DataFrame.sort_values(by = "timestamp")".

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
    My favorite project was the personal project I recently did. The most challenging part about it was that I was doing it
    on my own without much guidance. With school projects, we know what we are trying to make or what the end product should
    look like. With this personal project it was up to me to learn new things and implement them however I could in the context
    of my project. The project is just a weather app in the form of a Python CGI script. I learned about CGI scripting through
    my Java programming class earlier in the year and was interested in doing some sort of web based project that utilized
    REST APIs. I had never done anything with APIs so I had to learn how to use them properly through my own research. While learning
    about APIs I learned it wasn't good practice to leave the API Key lying around which threw a wrench in my plans as I just planned
    on doing a JavaScript/HTML/CSS project, making calls to the APIs in the JavaScript. This presented a problem because I didn't
    know how to hide my API Keys in JavaScript. Ultimately I worked around this by writing a Python CGI script and storing my keys in a 
    .env file. Even though this project wasn't very many lines of code, I learned a lot and am content with how it turned out. 